Create directory for responsive components (#912)
digitalfabrik/entitlementcard: administration/README.md

# Administration (Digitale Druckerei)

> The administration project contains the react frontend for card and region management. As well as public pages to verify or withdraw card applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The administration project contains the React frontends for three audiences:
* Applicants can apply for an entitlementcard
* Organizations can verify or reject application details
* Administrators can manage applications, cards, and regions.
```
